add info about data imports (#1692)
denoland/docs: runtime/fundamentals/modules.md

currently waiting on the
[Module Harmony proposal](https://github.com/whatwg/html/issues/9444).

## Data URL imports

Deno supports dynamic importing of data URLs, which allows you to import content

> that isn't in a separate file or available via HTTP. This is useful for testing,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that isn't in a separate file. This is useful for testing,
```

prototyping, or when you need to programmatically generate modules.

You can create modules on the fly using the `data:` URL scheme:

```ts
// Import a simple JavaScript module from a data URL

> const module = await import(
>   "data:application/javascript;base64,ZXhwb3J0IGNvbnN0IG1lc3NhZ2UgPSAiSGVsbG8gZnJvbSBkYXRhIFVSTCI7"
> );

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import * as module from "data:application/javascript;base64,ZXhwb3J0IGNvbnN0IG1lc3NhZ2UgPSAiSGVsbG8gZnJvbSBkYXRhIFVSTCI7";
```

console.log(module.message); // Outputs: Hello from data URL

// You can also use the non-base64 format
const plainModule = await import(
  "data:application/javascript,export function greet() { return 'Hi there!'; }"
);
console.log(plainModule.greet()); // Outputs: Hi there!

// A simpler example with text content
const textModule = await import(
  "data:text/plain,export default 'This is plain text'"
);
console.log(textModule.default); // Outputs: This is plain text
```

The data URL format follows this pattern:

```sh
data:[<media type>][;base64],<data>
```

For JavaScript modules, use `application/javascript` as the media type.
TypeScript is also supported with `application/typescript`. This feature is
particularly useful for testing modules in isolation and creeating mock modules
during tests.

> Data URL imports must be used with dynamic `import()` calls and cannot be used
> with static `import` statements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data URL imports must be used with dynamic `import()` calls and cannot be used
with static `import` statements.
```

This is not applicable to the Deno CLI
